hey guys this is sean i'm back again
with another magic for the PlayStation
game play last time I showed magic 2012
and doing about like 2000 some damage or
so and this time we have magic 2013 just
came out for the ps3 real cool nice
updated mechanics the game also plays a
little faster as well anyway to what's
happening here i'm using the green
creature deck the garage deck and this
thing if given the right circumstances
like i had it just gets madly out of
control I've whittled my deck down to
one card left next turn so attacking is
now on the must and I just want to show
you what has happened to this Hydra here
it has 90 200 tokens on it and its
actual power with buffs is 92 77 this is
fuckin retarded ok let's attack also
there's a mix of um spiders I think ants
yet and tokens I hit the token limit
apparently you can only show a hundred
tokens of a specific type of creature so
I hit that a few times there's a card
that has 66 and every time land drops it
drops another 44 onto the battlefield so
there's like 80 of those out there as
well it's it's crazy
and everything is getting boosted
oh dear lord I think I broke the game oh
I just fucking broke the game oh shit
well it would have been impressive I
suppose